Add deletion of stack (downsert) (#759)
pulumi/actions: README.md

  `Pulumi.<stack-name>.yaml` file that you will need to add back to source
  control as part of the action if you wish to perform any further tasks with
  that stack.

> - `downsert` - (optional) Removes the target stack if all resources are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `remove` - (optional) Removes the target stack if all resources are
```

Author: Done

> - `downsert` - (optional) Remove the exist stack if all resources are deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `downsert` - (optional) Removes the target stack if all resources are destroyed.
```

Author: Sure
